Hey there champ it's Bruno again.
Listen the CEO has mentioned that he needs your help.
He can see this company really taking off growing.
Over the next couple of years and he has asked if you can prepare a plan of how our products are going
to scale in the future and make sure that we can keep up with our plans and growth we want to make this
company big.
So can you help us out.
Awesome.
You're the best.
I love your attitude.
You're always so positive.
Ok thanks I'll look forward to the report.
Oh boy.
Here we go again.
Let's finish off our performance section a section that has taken us quite a long time to get through
because there's so many moving parts.
We're going to learn some principles of how to scale and complete our overall picture so that we master
performance optimizations and at the end of it we'll have a nice big picture vision of what we can do
with any of our projects.
Let's dive in.